Update Rust SDK ref, and also a few small fixes (#172)
clockworklabs/spacetime-docs: docs/sdks/rust/index.md

#### Callback `on_connect_error`

```rust
impl DbConnectionBuilder {
    fn on_connect_error(
        self,
        callback: impl FnOnce(&ErrorContext, spacetimedb_sdk::Error),
    ) -> DbConnectionBuilder;
}
```

Chain a call to `.on_connect_error(callback)` to your builder to register a callback to run when your connection fails.

> A known bug in the SpacetimeDB Rust client SDK currently causes this callback never to be invoked. [`on_disconnect`](#callback-on_disconnect) callbacks are invoked instead.

Author: I prefer to get out in front of things like this. I could be convinced otherwise, but my expectation is that if we don't have this here, we're going to get questions about why `on_connect_error` isn't getting called, even if we never mention it on the website, since autocomplete and rustdoc will show it.

| [`SubscriptionHandle` type](#type-subscriptionhandle)   | Manage an active subscripion.                               |

#### Type `SubscriptionBuilder`

```rust
spacetimedb_sdk::SubscriptionBuilder
```

| Name                                                                             | Description                                                     |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| [`ctx.subscription_builder()` constructor](#constructor-ctxsubscription_builder) | Begin configuring a new subscription.                           |
| [`on_applied` callback](#callback-on_applied)                                    | Register a callback to run when matching rows become available. |
| [`on_error` callback](#callback-on_error)                                        | Register a callback to run if the subscription fails.           |
| [`subscribe` method](#method-subscribe)                                          | Finish configuration and subscribe to one or more SQL queries.  |

> | [`subscribe_to_all_tables` method](#method-subscribe_to_all_tables)              | Convenience method to subscribe to the entire database.         |

Author: Yes, that's a good idea.

> | [`subscribe_to_all_tables` method](#method-subscribe_to_all_tables)              | Convenience method to subscribe to the entire database.         |

Author: Well, hm. No, I think this blurb should be kept short, and we should keep the more in-depth discussion in the method's actual docs.

##### Callback `on_applied`

```rust
impl SubscriptionBuilder {
    fn on_applied(self, callback: impl FnOnce(&SubscriptionEventContext)) -> Self;
}
```

Register a callback to run when the subscription is applied and the matching rows are inserted into the client cache.

##### Callback `on_error`

```rust
impl SubscriptionBuilder {
    fn on_error(self, callback: impl FnOnce(&ErrorContext, spacetimedb_sdk::Error)) -> Self;
}
```

Register a callback to run if the subscription is rejected or unexpectedly terminated by the server. This is most frequently caused by passing an invalid query to [`subscribe`](#method-subscribe).

##### Method `subscribe`

```rust
impl SubscriptionBuilder {
    fn subscribe(self, queries: impl IntoQueries) -> SubscriptionHandle;
}
```

Subscribe to a set of queries. `queries` should be a string or an array, vec or slice of strings.

See [the SpacetimeDB SQL Reference](/docs/sql#subscriptions) for information on the queries SpacetimeDB supports as subscriptions.

##### Method `subscribe_to_all_tables`

```rust
impl SubscriptionBuilder {
    fn subscribe_to_all_tables(self);
}
```

> Subscribe to all rows from all tables. This method is provided as a convenience for simple clients. The same connection must not mix `subscribe_to_all_tables` with [`subscribe` to specific queries](#method-subscribe). Doing so may cause errors or corrupt the client cache, leading to local queries returning incorrect results. The subscription initiated by `subscribe_to_all_tables` cannot be canceled after it is initiated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subscribe to all rows from all public tables. This method is provided as a convenience for simple clients. The subscription initiated by `subscribe_to_all_tables` cannot be canceled after it is initiated. You should [`subscribe` to specific queries](#method-subscribe) if you need fine-grained control over the lifecycle of your subscriptions.
```

Technically mixing both calls will no longer cause errors or corrupt the cache, but it still doesn't make sense to do it.

Subscribe to queries by calling `ctx.subscription_builder()` and chaining configuration methods, then calling `.subscribe(queries)`.

##### Callback `on_applied`

```rust
impl SubscriptionBuilder {
    fn on_applied(self, callback: impl FnOnce(&SubscriptionEventContext)) -> Self;
}
```

Register a callback to run when the subscription is applied and the matching rows are inserted into the client cache.

##### Callback `on_error`

```rust
impl SubscriptionBuilder {
    fn on_applied(self, callback: impl FnOnce(&ErrorContext, spacetimedb_sdk::Error)) -> Self;
}
```

Register a callback to run if the subscription is rejected or unexpectedly terminated by the server. This is most frequently caused by passing an invalid query to [`subscribe`](#method-subscribe).

##### Method `subscribe`

```rust
impl SubscriptionBuilder {
    fn subscribe(self, queries: impl IntoQueries) -> SubscriptionHandle;
}
```

> Subscribe to a set of queries. `queries` should be a string or an array, vec or slice of strings.

Reviewer 2: link to sql docs

Author: Added in a paragraph directly after this one.

| Name                                                              | Description                                                                     |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [`Table` trait](#trait-table)                                     | Provides access to subscribed rows of a specific table within the client cache. |
| [`TableWithPrimaryKey` trait](#trait-tablewithprimarykey)         | Extension trait for tables which have a column designated as a primary key.     |
| [Unique constraint index access](#unique-constraint-index-access) | Seek a subscribed row by the value in its unique or primary key column.         |

> | [BTree index access](#btree-index-access)                         | Not supported.                                                                  |

Reviewer: Any reason to call this out as not supported vs just not mentioning it?

Author: Again, I could be convinced to remove this, but I stuck it in because a lot of other contexts, incl. modules and the C# client SDK, *do* support non-unique BTrees, and I wanted to reduce confusion due to the asymmetry.

### BTree index access

> The SpacetimeDB Rust client SDK does not support non-unique BTree indexes.

Reviewer: Same here. Does this need to be called out explicitly?
